In this module, we added custom retry policies,
namely backoff policy and retry policy, to our default RetryTemplate.
We compared fixed versus exponential backoff strategies and showed
why exponential backoff is preferable in large,
highly concurrent microservice environments.
We then simulated the three pain points SaaS Bass is experiencing
and determined that socket and timeout exceptions continue to be
alleviated with custom retry policies,
and that resource race conditions are now alleviated
thanks to our custom backoff policy.
In the next module,
we're going to make SaaS Bass's retry framework even smarter by implementing custom exceptions.